# Novi, Michigan Tour
I recently moved to Novi, Michigan and my parents were curious to see what Novi, as well as the surrounding area, has to offer. After completing a battery of courses provided by Google, I figured this would be a great time to show off what I learned. This is the first project I completed that went beyond experimenting with no more than a handful of screens. This app was functional back in the middle of December, but I recently hammered out many bugs and refactored the code and architecture to better standards. Please note that this app does NOT use data persistence, as I did not intend to practice it at the time.

This app has three main features that can be found on the navigation bar: 
A home "category" screen that uses a lazy column to display categories relating to attractions in Novi and beyond. Clicking on a category will navigate to its associated screen that has a list of recommendations. Clicking yet again will navigate to the specific item, which features a picture from the public domain, an area for a text description (not implemented) and a save button.
A saved screen that displays any item in a lazy column. You can clear the entire list by pressing the "Clear List" button and clicking on this item will take you to its associated page where you can individually remove it from your saves.
A map screen that uses Google Maps API to display the geographical location of each item in this app. There are boxes that can be checked to populate the map with whichever category you select, including the "saved" category.
